Diary for Program 3D Applications
Week 1 and 2
Sanity Fortnight

I was using the first computer within the room.
DirectX is installed and working correctly
Visual studio is installed and working correctly
(I have opened any run the tutorials that shipped with directX)

Researching Learning Resources

	Software

During my resarch I stumbled apon NShader, which is an extension for visual studio 2008/2010.  NShader adds support for syntax highlighting for various shader languages.
( support has just been added for vs2012 so may be buggy )
( Express editions are not supported as they do not allow community addons )

I have installed NShader on my home computer, but I have as yet not installed it on the computer that I will be using dureing lessons. ( This is because I cannot find the admin logon in my notes, remember to ask Andy for this. )

I have Created a github account.

PIX (used for error checking of directx calls )
I have not yet looked into this.

	Resources
Added John D Carmack to my following list on twitter.
Added Morgan McGuire to my following list on twitter.(Nvidia)

I have found that Nasa has many free 3d models for download, these could come in handy in the future so I need to have a look.

	Online

Real-Time Rendering( website created for the book of the same name ), has a huge list of books, many of which are free online versions.
(E-books on many subject).

HLSL Tutorial
www.neatware.com/lbstudio/web/hlsl.html
shader tutorials

www.yakimo3D.com

gpuexperiments.blogspot.co.uk

users.skynet.be/fquake

blogs.msdn.com/b/directx/archive/2010/06/15/introducing-the-directcompute-expert-roundtable-discussion

www.microsoftpde.com/2009/p09-16

www.rorydriscoll.com

www.rastertek.com

www.braynzarsoft.net

KHANACADEMY math video tutorials

	Books

Books I own

Game Coding Complete 4th edition
(Already a third of the way through this book)

The CG tutorial

c++ For Games programmers Second Edition

Beginning Directx 11 (kindle edition)
(started reading this book)

Essential Mathematics for games and interactive applications

Plus many, many more on my bookshelf such as programming books, AI graphics etc.#


	Books to buy.




